Create an L2 listing policy (#5576)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/suggest_layer2.md

---
name: Suggest a Layer 2
about: Suggest a Layer 2 to list on ethereum.org
title: ""
labels: "feature :sparkles:, content :fountain_pen:"
assignees: ""
---

Before suggesting a layer 2, make sure you've read [our listing policy](/contributing/adding-layer-2/).

Only continue with the issue if your layer 2 meets the criteria listed there.

If it does, complete the following information which we need to accurately list the layer 2.

**Name**

<!-- Please provide the official name of the layer 2-->

**Logo**

> <!-- Please provide a hi-res SVG or transparent PNG -->

Reviewer: All svg's are hi-res if they're vectors =)
```suggestion
<!-- Please provide an SVG or hi-res transparent PNG -->
```

**Description**

<!-- Please provide a 1-2 sentence (240 character max) of the layer 2. -->

**Website**

<!-- Please provide a URL to the website for the layer 2 -->

**Developer documentation**

<!-- Please provide a URL to developer docs for the layer 2 -->

**L2Beat page**

<!-- Please provide the link to the layer 2s page on L2BEAT-->

**Is the project open source?**

<!-- If yes, please provide a link to the repository -->

**What category of layer 2 is it? (Optimistic, ZK, State channel)**

<!-- Please provide some information on what kind of layer 2 this is -->

> **Which bridges are used to onbaord?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Which bridges are used to onboard?**
```

<!-- Please provide some information on how to bridge assets onto this layer 2 -->

> **Which exchanges off support for the project?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Which exchanges offer support for the project?**
```

<!-- Please provide some information on how to bridge assets onto this layer 2 -->

**Exchange support**

<!-- If there is exchange support for deposits/withdrawals, please provide information for this -->

**Link to dapp ecosystem (if applicable)**

<!-- Please provide a link to the dapp ecosystem -->

**Token contract list (if applicable)**

<!-- Since assets will have a new address on layer 2, if there is a token list resource available please share  -->

**How long has this project been live?**

<!-- Please provide an approximate date for when the layer 2 went live -->

> **Is this project a fork?**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Is this project a fork? If yes, what is this project a fork of?**
```

<!-- Please provide information about if this project is a fork -->

**What wallets support this layer 2?**

<!-- Please list wallets that support this network -->

**Is this project externally audited?**

<!-- Please provide a link to a report or repo. If you haven't been audited but think your layer 2 should be listed anyway, explain here. -->

> **TVL history of the layer 2**

Reviewer 2: Similarly here, I might open this up for people to include links to broader usage metrics. See my suggestion below.

> **Has this project undergone an external security audit?**
> 
> <!-- Please provide a link to a report or repo. If you haven't been audited but think your layer 2 should be listed anyway, explain here. -->

Reviewer: Again, should we consider also requesting info on bug bounties?
```suggestion
**Has this project undergone an external security audit and/or bug bounty?**

<!-- Please provide a link to a report or repo for any audits or bug bounties. If you haven't been audited but think your layer 2 should be listed anyway, explain here. -->
```

---
name: Suggest a Layer 2
about: Suggest a Layer 2 to list on ethereum.org
title: ""
labels: "feature :sparkles:, content :fountain_pen:"
assignees: ""
---

Before suggesting a layer 2, make sure you've read [our listing policy](/contributing/adding-layer-2/).

Only continue with the issue if your layer 2 meets the criteria listed there.

If it does, complete the following information which we need to accurately list the layer 2.

**Name**

<!-- Please provide the official name of the layer 2-->

**Logo**

<!-- Please provide a hi-res SVG or transparent PNG -->

**Description**

> <!-- Please provide a 1-2 sentence of the layer 2-->

Reviewer 3: One problem we had with our wallets was long descriptions breaking our design system ([see this PR](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/pull/3569)). I don't think this needs to be solved right now but just flagging it.

Author: Can go twitter style, X characters or less.

**Website**

<!-- Please provide a URL to the website for the layer 2 -->

**Developer documentation**

<!-- Please provide a URL to developer docs for the layer 2 -->

**L2Beat page**

<!-- Please provide the link to the layer 2s page on L2BEAT-->

**Open source**

<!-- If yes, please provide a link to the repository -->

**Type of layer 2 (Optimistic, ZK, State channel)**

<!-- Please provide some information on what kind of layer 2 this is -->

**Purpose / use case**

<!-- Please provide some information on the use case for this layer 2 -->

**Bridges**

<!-- Please provide some information on how to bridge assets onto this layer 2 -->

**Exchange support**

<!-- If there is exchange support for deposits/withdrawals, please provide information for this -->

**Link to dapp ecosystem (if applicable)**

<!-- Please provide a link to the dapp ecosystem -->

**Token contract list (if applicable)**

<!-- Since assets will have a new address on layer 2, if there is a token list resource available please share  -->

> **How long has this project been live?**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**What date did this project go live?**
```

> <!-- Please provide an approximate date for when the layer 2 went live -->

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<!-- Please provide proof to substantiate this date -->
```

> **Is this project a fork? If yes, what is this project a fork of?**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Is this project a fork? If yes, which project was forked?**
```

<!-- Please provide information about if this project is a fork -->

**What wallets support this layer 2?**

<!-- Please list wallets that support this network -->

> **Is this project externally audited?**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Has this project undergone an external security audit?**
```
